Update provisining guide with updated Azure info and Gov Cloud (#546)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_adding-azure-connection.adoc

.Procedure
. *Subscription ID*
  - Login into your Microsoft Azure account.
  - Select Subscriptions in the left sidebar.
  - Select whichever subscription is going to be used.
  - Click on overview.
  - Copy the Subscription ID.
. *Tenant ID*
  - Login into your Microsoft Azure account.
  - Select Microsoft Azure Active Directory in the left sidebar.
  - Click properties.
  - Copy the Microsoft Azure Active Directory ID.
. *Client ID*
  - Login into your Microsoft Azure account.
  - Select Microsoft Azure Active Directory in the left sidebar.
  - Click Enterprise applications.
  - Click All applications.
  - Select the application which you have created.
  - Click Properties.
  - Copy the Application ID.
. *Client secret*
  - Login into your Microsoft Azure account.
  - Select Microsoft Azure Active Directory in the left sidebar.
  - Click App registrations.
  - Select the application which you have created.
  - Click on All settings.
  - Click on Keys.
  - Type Key description and select the Duration.
  - Click save.
  - Copy and store the key value. You won't be able to retrieve it after you leave this page.

> 

Reviewer: I'm sorry to be a PITA, but we don't include the procedural steps for other products, especially not third party products in our own docs. 
Could we replace this with links to Microsoft Azure docs on the same?

. In the *Name* field, enter a name for the compute resource.
. From the *Provider* list, select *Azure Resource Manager*.
. Optional: In the *Description* field, enter a description for the resource.
. By default, the *Cloud* is set to Public/Standard. 
  If you are using the Azure Government Cloud then the following regions are supported in the dropdown:
  - US Goverment
  - China

>   - Germany

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
** Germany
```

Same for China and `US Government` (currently missing an `n`)

Reviewer: Why not just `*` ?

. In the *Name* field, enter a name for the compute resource.
. From the *Provider* list, select *Azure Resource Manager*.
. Optional: In the *Description* field, enter a description for the resource.

> . By default the *Cloud* is set to Public/Standard, if you are using the Azure Government Cloud then the following regions are supported in the dropdown:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. By default, the *Cloud* is set to Public/Standard.
If you are using the Azure Government Cloud, the following regions are supported in the dropdown:
```

--sub-id _subscription-id_ \
--region '_region_'
----

> IMPORTANT: If you are using Azure Government Cloud then you will want to pass in the `+--cloud+` parameter. The values for the `+cloud+` parameter are:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
IMPORTANT: If you are using Azure Government Cloud then you will want to pass in the `+--cloud+` parameter.
The values for the `+cloud+` parameter are:
```

> IMPORTANT: If you are using Azure Government Cloud then you will want to pass in the `+--cloud+` parameter. The values for the `+cloud+` parameter are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IMPORTANT: If you are using Azure Government Cloud then you must pass in the `+--cloud+` parameter. The values for the `+cloud+` parameter are:
```
